# Logistic Regression
    In statistics, the logistic model is used to model the probability of a certain clas or event taking place, such as the probability of a team winning, of a patient being healthy, etc. This can be extended to model several classes of events such as determining whether an image contains a cat, dog, lion, etc. Each object ebing detected in the image would be assigned a probability between 0 and 1, with a sum of one.

    Logistic regression is a statistical model that in its basic form uses a logistic function to model a binary dependent variable, although many more complex extensions exist. In regression analysis, logistic regression is estimating the parameters of a logistic model. Mathematically, a binary logistic model has a dependent variable with two possible values, such as pass/fail which is represented by an indicator variable. where the two values are labeled "0" and "1". In the logistic model, the log-odds for the value laeled "1" is a linear combination of one or more independent variables; the independet variables can each be a binary variable or a continuous variable. The corresponding probability of the value labeled "1" can vary between 0, hence the labeling; the function that converts log-odds to probability is the logistic function, hence the name. The unit of measurement for the log-odds scale is called a logit, from logistic unit, hence the alternative names. Analogous models with a different sigmoid function instead of the logistic function can also be used, such as the probit model; the defining characteristics of the logistic model is that increasing one f the independent variables multiplicatively scales the odds of the given outcome at a constant rate, with each independent variable having its own parameter; for a binary dependent variable this generalizes the odds ratio.

    In a binary logistic regression model, the dependent variable has two levels. Outputs with more than two values are modeled by multinomial logistic regression and, if the multiple categories are ordered, by ordinal logistic regression. The logistic regression model itself simply models probability of output in terms of input and does not eprform statistical classification, though it can be used to make a classifier, for instance by choosing a cutoff value and classigying inputs with probability greater than the cutoff as one class, below the cutoff as the other; this is a common way to make a binary classifier. The coefficients are generally not computed by a closed-form expression, unlike linear least squares. The logistic regression as a general statistical model was originally developed and popularized primarily by joseph berkson, beginning in berkson, where he coined logit.


*****
#### contents
******
* https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Logistic_regression - Logistic regression
